Allow device to configure conversion to numpy and use of `pure_callback` (#6788)
PennyLaneAI/pennylane: doc/development/plugins.rst

Note that these properties are only applicable to devices that provided derivatives or VJPs. If your device
does not provide derivatives, you can safely ignore these properties.

The workflow options are ``use_device_gradient``, ``use_device_jacobian_product``, ``grad_on_execution``,
and ``convert_to_numpy``. 
``use_device_gradient=True`` indicates that workflow should request derivatives from the device. 
``grad_on_execution=True`` indicates a preference to use ``execute_and_compute_derivatives`` instead

> of ``execute`` followed by ``compute_derivatives``. Finally, ``use_device_jacobian_product`` indicates

Reviewer: Since now this section also talks about `convert_to_numpy`
```suggestion
of ``execute`` followed by ``compute_derivatives``. ``use_device_jacobian_product`` indicates
```

a request to call ``compute_vjp`` instead of ``compute_derivatives``. Note that if ``use_device_jacobian_product``

> is ``True``, this takes precedence over calculating the full jacobian. If can accept ML framework parameters, like
> jax, they should specify ``convert_to_numpy=False``.  Then the parameters will not be converted, and no ``jax.pure_callback``
> will be used when jitting.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
is ``True``, this takes precedence over calculating the full jacobian. If the device can accept ML framework parameters, like
jax, ``convert_to_numpy=False`` should be specified. Then the parameters will not be converted, and special
interface-specific processing (like executing inside a ``jax.pure_callback`` when using ``jax.jit``) will be needed.
```
